Hi everyone,
I realized some problems of myself last Toast Master. This time I will try to slow down my speed and stand calm which means do not move my feet.
Recently, we may heard about a funny story about friendship. When we say it in Chinese, “翻的ship”. The ship will capsize.
Today I will talk about a special friendship between two guys.
They are living in my mind. Aha so One guy is certainly myself, and another is, you guess what it is? He is a monkey!
You know, as a monkey, he is just enjoying the fun time at this moment, but do not consider about the future when he does everything.
Unfortunately, there also be a ship or we can call it a boat, which is sailing in my mind. He and I are both on this boat. I’m absolutely afraid of letting him control the boat. If he does, god knows where our boat will go.
So I’m never give out the control! I think all of you will do like that.
However, most of us failed. The monkey is stronger than most of us, there just a monster can beat him, guess what?
First, I will give you a story.
When the toast master host asks me to give a speech after 15 days.
The first day, I’m just losing my control of the boat. I consider there will be enough time for me to prepare it. Why not surf in the internet? Why not play with the phone and chat with friends? 
Oh, it is time to go to bed. The monkey is sailing the boat happily.
The tenth day. I have a talk with the monkey, he says, never mind, you still have much time, do not worry about it. So I just walk away and continue to have fun. 
Last night, the deadline monster is coming. The monkey is scared away. 
Finally, I regain the control of the boat. I start to think about it.
Thanks God, if I do not watch the TED about procrastination, I think I will not finish this speech.

Now days, all of us will have some tasks to do. For me, it is finishing my thesis. We should think deeply about how to break up the friendship between the monkey and yourself and make you strong to get the control.

Thanks. 

